We now have a cluster running on AWS and we
can submit our Spark programs directly through the command line.
Let's see how we can read and write data to long-term storage in the cloud.
One of the most common places to store big data sets is
Amazon's Simple Storage Service or S3 for short.
Amazon S3 is a safe,
easy, and cheap place to store big data.
Amazon does all the work of maintaining the hardware,
keeping backups, and making sure the data is almost always available.
You can think about it like Dropbox or iCloud for your big data.
You don't need to worry about the details of how S3 works,
the Amazon engineers take care of that.
You just need to know how to use S3 with Spark.
So, next, we will show you how to store data in
S3 and then retrieve the data for your Spark program.